Now that we've understood the broad parameters of how
to create the tasks templates system,
the services control of ansible,
let's look at how we actually run it.
This is the execution of a playbook.
Let's look at this in practice with an ansible inventory file.
Here we are denoting different collections of servers.
So first, we have web server,
and we have a single host,
IP addresses, ansible user,
and then the protocol which is used for connecting,
and next we have a second group,
db-server with two instances in it,
and we notice that we have a different IP addresses here, so that's good.
Everything else remains the same.
So now, for actually going about applying this,
we are looking at a root level playbook,
and this is not actually gathering the facts which is
what we looked at earlier when you are able to display all of the Linux,
or Unix, or Windows facts that are available on the system.
But if you're in a security enhanced environment,
you may not want to do that.
So it is including the role here to do the init for postgres task.
Let's look at this a little deeper.
Now, if we actually are going about running a playbook,
we use the ansible playbook command,
and here we are including an inventory with dash i,
and this inventory is called my_hosts,
and we're setting a variable.
So we do dash a and then the variable, SE-Linux equals true,
and the root level playbook where we're running a init_servers.yamal will be executed.